---
title: Node.js Sample: Basic
---

This file is generated by
[src/clients/docs_generate.zig](/src/clients/docs_generate.zig).
# Node.js Sample: BasicThis project creates two accounts (`1` and `2`) and
transfers `10` of an amount from account `1` to
account `2`.

It then fetches both accounts, checks they both exist, and
checks that account `1` has `debits_posted = 10`,
`credits_posted = 0`; and that account `2` has `debits_posted
= 0`, `credits_posted = 10`.

### Prerequisites

Linux >= 5.6 is the only production environment we
support. But for ease of development we also support macOS.
* NodeJS >= `14`

## Setup

Run:

```console
$ npm install tigerbeetle-node
```

---
title: Node.js Sample: Two-Phase Transfer
---

This file is generated by
[src/clients/docs_generate.zig](/src/clients/docs_generate.zig).
# Node.js Sample: Two-Phase TransferThis project creates two accounts (`1` and `2`) and begins a
pending transfer of `500` of an amount from account `1` to
account `2`.

Then it checks that account `1` has `debits_posted = 0`,
`credits_posted = 0`, `debits_pending = 500`, and
`credits_pending = 0`; and that account `2` has
`debits_posted = 0`, `credits_posted = 0`, `debits_pending =
0`, and `credits_pending = 500`. This is because a pending
transfer only affects pending credits and debits on accounts,
not posted credits and debits.

Then it creates a second transfer that marks the first
transfer as posted. It then fetches both transfers, validates
that the two transfers exist, validates that the first
transfer had (and still has) a `pending` flag, and validates
that the second transfer had (and still has) a
`post_pending_transfer` flag.

Finally, it fetches both accounts, validates they both exist,
and checks that credits and debits for both account are now
*posted*, not pending.

Specifically, that account `1` has `debits_posted = 500`,
`credits_posted = 0`, `debits_pending = 0`, and
`credits_pending = 0`; and that account `2` has
`debits_posted = 0`, `credits_posted = 500`, `debits_pending =
0`, and `credits_pending = 0`.

### Prerequisites

Linux >= 5.6 is the only production environment we
support. But for ease of development we also support macOS.
* NodeJS >= `14`

## Setup

Run:

```console
$ npm install tigerbeetle-node
```

